Update README.md (#808)
safe-global/safe-client-gateway: README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/safe-global/safe-client-gateway-nest/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/safe-global/safe-client-gateway-nest?branch=main)

## Motivation

> The Safe Client Gateway serves as a bridge for the Safe clients (Android, iOS, Web).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Safe Client Gateway serves as a bridge for the Safe{Wallet} clients (Android, iOS, Web).
```

> It provides UI-oriented mappings and data structures for easier integration with several Safe Backend services. In essence, it works as a bridge, connecting the two sides and ensuring smooth, efficient data exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides UI-oriented mappings and data structures for easier integration with several Safe{Core} services. In essence, it works as a bridge between the frontend and backend, ensuring smooth, efficient data exchange.
```
